Update gmoccapy.adoc (#1911)
LinuxCNC/linuxcnc: docs/src/gui/gmoccapy.adoc

[source,{ini}]
----
[RS274NGC]
# is the sub, with is called when a error during tool change happens, not needed on every machine configuration
ON_ABORT_COMMAND=O <on_abort> call

# The remap code
REMAP=M6  modalgroup=6 prolog=change_prolog ngc=change epilog=change_epilog

[NOTE]

> Make sure INI_VARS and HAL_PIN_VARS are not set to 0. They are set to 1 by default.

Reviewer: I guess having `[NOTE]` inside the code block doesn't show it as a note...

Author: Yes, I figured out that there was a preview tab I should have used :)  I added an updated commit.

[source,{ini}]
----
[RS274NGC]

> # Make sure INI_VARS and HAL_PIN_VARS are not set to 0. They are set to 1 by default.
> # LinuxCNC versions below 2.8 require the following line to be uncommented:
> # FEATURES = 12

Reviewer: I would word it a bit differently to make it more clear

```suggestion
# These two values doesn't have to be set explicitly because their default value is 1. Only make sure they are not overwritten in this case.
# In LinuxCNC versions prior to 2.8 these settings were set with the FEATURES bitmask (FEATURES = 12)
INI_VARS = 1
HAL_PIN_VARS = 1
```

And I would suggest to target this PR to 2.8 and merge it up to master.

Reviewer: Or maybe remove these lines completely and add your lines as a note below the code block:
```
[NOTE]
Make sure INI_VARS and HAL_PIN_VARS are not set to 0. They are set to 1 by default. 
```
The hint for versions < 2.8 I would remove, as it is more confusing than helpful.
